There is tremendous interest in entrepreneurship on college campuses and around the world. One indicator of this interest is the fact that of the approxi- mately 2,000 colleges and universities in the United States, about two-thirds of the total now offer a course in entrepreneurship. As a result, a growing number of students are forgoing traditional careers and starting their own businesses. Ordinary people across the world are equally interested in launching entrepre- neurial careers. According to the 2013 Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, in the United States a total of 12.7 percent of the adult population is starting a busi- ness or has started a business in the past three-and-a-half years. There are regions of the world where the percentage is even higher. In Brazil, for example, 17.3 percent of the adult population is starting or has started a business in the past three-and-a-half years. The percentage is 24.3 percent in Chile.
The lure of entrepreneurship is the ability to create products and services that enhance people’s lives. You’ll see this through the many examples of entrepreneurial firms provided in the book. Particularly inspiring are the ex- amples of businesses started while the founders were still in college. We begin each chapter of this book with a profile of a business that was founded while the founders were still in college. Several of the end-of-chapter cases are fo- cused on student-founded businesses as well. The opening profile for Chapter 3, for example, focuses on LuminAid, a business started by Andrea Sreshta and Anna Stork, two students at Columbia University. The three children pictured on the front cover of the book are looking at what Sreshta and Stork created—solar powered pillows that provide light for people in disaster relief situations. What we hope to accomplish via the profiles and cases about busi- nesses that were started while their founders were still in college is to inspire the students who are using the book. Hopefully they’ll look at students like Sreshta and Stork and realize that they aren’t too different from them, and that they have the capacity to conceive a business idea and launch a success- ful company too.
Many of the examples of student-inspired businesses provided in the book are both instructive and heartwarming. For example, Case 3.2 fo- cuses on a company named Embrace, which was started by four Stanford University students. Embrace makes a product, called the Embrace Baby Warmer, which literally saves the lives of premature babies born in remote villages in developing countries. It looks like a small sleeping bag and con- tains a warming element that when turned on emulates the heat provided by a more sophisticated incubator in a hospital. No one can read the case without being inspired and somewhat awed by what a motivated group of college students, surrounded by a supportive university and dedicated fac- ulty and mentors, were able to accomplish when they set their sights on becoming entrepreneurs. A photo of the Embrace Baby Warmer is provided in the case. We invite you to go to Case 3.2 now to glance at the Embrace Baby Warmer.
There is one caveat to successful entrepreneurship, and it’s a big one. People, regardless of age, need a process to follow to successfully navigate the entrepreneurial journey. This is where our book offers unique value. The book describes entrepreneurship as a four step process, beginning with the deci- sion to become an entrepreneur and culminating with managing and growing a successful firm. There is a lot in between, as you’ll see. Entrepreneurship is not easy, which is a sentiment that we express throughout the book. But it is doable, as evidenced by the many success stories provided. The process, pictured nearby, provides a framework or roadmap of the entrepreneurial pro- cess that many professors, students, and others that have used the book have told us has been particularly helpful to them. In the book, we’re also careful to talk about failures as well as successes. Each chapter includes a boxed
feature titled “What Went Wrong?” The feature contains a real-life example of something that went wrong with an entrepreneurial firm. Professors have commented to us that they appreciate having failure stories as well as suc- cess stories as teaching tools in their classrooms. At the other extreme, each chapter also includes a boxed feature called “Savvy Entrepreneurial Firm.” In these features, we describe actions entrepreneurial firms have taken that contributed to their success. Complementing these features is a third one that is presented in each chapter. Called “Partnering for Success,” these features discuss relationships entrepreneurial firms form with various parties (such as suppliers and distributors) in order to increase the likelihood of being successful.
We sincerely hope that college and university students and their professors as well as others who choose to read this book will find it thoughtful, instruc- tive, helpful, and inspiring. Our goal is to place into your hands—our readers— a book with the ability to both inspire and lead you through the steps in the entrepreneurial process.

How Is This Book Organized?
As mentioned above, the book is organized around the entrepreneurial process. The four parts of the entrepreneurial process are as follows:
Part 1: Decision to Become an Entrepreneur
Part 2: Developing Successful Business Ideas
Part 3: Moving from an Idea to an Entrepreneurial Firm Part 4: Managing and Growing an Entrepreneurial Firm
